article so everyone this is the GOP fest
core web core dev weekly sync up we need
to find a shorter name
today is February 26 and as usual let's
go and do a round of updates share what
we have done last week what we got
popped and we really need help either by
help making a decision or help figuring
out the problem and what seems that it's
the most important thing for us to do
the following week yeah of folker didn't
manage to like he's busy today so he
share this update I'll just follow the
the order in which people share their
updates on the github and so that makes
you first Richard you insert basically
didn't too much last week then blocked
on getting the IPS release so I can
start working on the demon control up
with graceful shutdown and a few other
window problems also I've submitted a
couple requests out to MVS multi casting
and sleepy time to get our polling or no
polling I'm working on MDS that's about
it really
good one zoom what is the state of inter
up in the Wii peer-to-peer mdns module
are we fully happy with the coach
meditation right now or did yeah I'm
happy with the implementation I I just
want to get to changes out there in the
open source community if not if not
seems nobody's replying to sleep time at
all and and in the multicast DNS is iffy
whether they look at you or not
we we can always link against my
branches and release it if I wanted so I
don't know build sleepy time but I dunno
musica CNS if like if something takes
more than five days for some water
module to respond let me pick me
we might happen to know like the world
is very small we have my left you know
the developer and I just think them
directly either to Twitter DM or even
like text message otherwise we can
always like try to reach out by email or
something and just ask so like a lot of
times the contributors are the model al
trailers is so busy that they would
really appreciate more help maintainer
that's what we thought Kristy of the
developer I forget his name of multicast
DNS has always been good cept appears
within a week yeah yeah yeah Mattias is
solid yeah I'm assuming he might be busy
right now
yeah so it well if you like a day or two
like you don't get back definitely ping
me so that we can like reach out okay
sounds good what is your focus for this
figure oh I'm really just waiting for
IPS to be released do this stuff with
the demon controller otherwise I'm just
I've been on working in C shop lately
I'm just trying to get some of that
stuff up and running which has no
bearing to you but what is there in that
IP fest engine that's basically what you
would call a IPS core okay so yeah I
already have all the HTTP bindings and
the bid faces for core that's all done
that was done months months ago this is
actually implementing IPS in doing all
the protocols
sweet sweet cool like you might want to
just call it
like let's type EFS right or even
c-sharp ipfs because then it's clear
that it is the implementation of my
peoples in a language yeah yeah well
I've been going through a lot of naming
issues but we'll come up with a good
name eventually started no worries cool
so anyone has questions for Richard okay
so that is typically very simple to
check just by going to the waffle board
and doing the filtering by priority 0 p1
etc if you if you want me to help you
get to that twist I can send you the
link so that you can like load it
directly but but yeah I try to be like I
tried to groom the our issues often so
that like it's always clear for everyone
cool cool yeah thank you
cool all right let's go next up Volker
was not he's at present so I was just
like read he's update he did progress on
the data API for Jessica's API checkup
ER he had to skip some tests on go ipfs
well I need to check which tests are
these I'll try to to unblock him and
like he's focused for next week is to
get the dye a pee I fully implemented on
just a few days ago which is great like
a lot of people want to use the API we
do IPS and so far they haven't been able
to and porting more than just buffer
tests ok and one thing that I need to
ask him which is very important is this
Jacobi wee-wees and global off of it
to unblock just profess release so yeah
like that just because release is now
just like pretty much walked on on
having IPL the bubble up like the whole
change a warm up to just because cool so
let's good next one matchi and so i
nothing this week except a few things do
not trust because
stay blocked by the repeater connects
rewrite and I also found the cause of
this connection get absolute addresses
but returning anything I have linked the
PR that fixes it and I will be finishing
the Filipino trust after the did appear
gets finally finally we will so thank
you
could you a little bit more on this
issue that you pointed so I see that
like it's a pull request from Pedro does
this also solve your problem is that it
yes because the the function connection
get observed addresses to us wasn't
returning anything because something was
missing so it could not catch the
address from the TCP connection and this
PR sauce said what's everything
understand oh yeah totally so I'm just
like copy pasting yeah okay so our all
merchants release it thank you what is
your focus for this week
if the rewrite gets finished and I will
be finishing no trust don't rewrite like
to be completely honest like the rewrite
might take two or three weeks more just
even the amount of stuff that is on my
plate and I see amount of work that the
rewrite requires and so yeah I I'm sorry
for blocking use for so long it is just
like I don't think it's fair to like
tell you like yes wait for it this week
because it's not going to happen this
week for sure and so if you have more
stuff to focus or like if you are
available to pick on other issues that
exist on the liquid Bureau and and just
give us one that would be great and you
can do that again the same way that
featured to go to the waffle board and
and I filter by the issues I've issues
on the
they call him and I check the ones that
are more important like the p0 zon a few
months and pick those and and that call
those and yeah we're definitely we're
definitely doing it
okay so so I'll put here peak or issues
from v-0 and you one backhoe it's okay
so I added this level how's it good
folks Phineas sweet thank you
okay so next it's me didn't manage to
get a lot of work done was to because I
hoped for but I did work on there just
because release had a bunch of
conversations with Victor or the this CI
PR basically I prepare to really like a
wrote the iolite so I can it if I like
what are the outstanding things that we
want to get the religion and then like
talked with all the people that are
working on those things to make sure we
are aligned to make it work and so
that's primarily what I did I also I
believe I reply to every issue and PR
let people open I missed any right now
like I still like my time this week will
be extremely limited but I want to see
if I can ship the just papers 0:38 and
I'm just worked on the just IP all these
stuff I know that Volker is already
working on it so I made some progress
today perhaps more or after tomorrow it
will be done so I'm expecting to a bit
done by Thursday or Friday and that's
like my my focus for this week any
questions
I don't see any hands let's go for Eric
big go for any so in the last week I
started implementing balanced tests on
chess ffs and I'm waiting for Pedro to
finish the PR of those certainly be here
and that's it I'm in the Nexus I'm
hoping to finish that PR and focus on my
professors
alright alright so um in do you know the
like when petrol things like them the
stats PR force which is going to be
ready I hope so if you think it's cool I
don't see your hands let's good next
John hey
so I last week and a little bit of this
weekend I worked on some like
speculative and so there's way too and
this poacher there's two cars available
I'm reading this is before when it
doesn't idealistically and it has I
think I think everything is ready it
just there's this there's that I mean a
feeling I don't know but I don't know is
I think you yeah there is one there's
like some puncture catch we're feeling
that was happening in bocas recent PR
that ipfs AP but it's pushing new code
and I'm having another festival mister
and most of never been able to replicate
that so me rerun we should rerun the CIA
or see if it's in or if it was just like
occasional so it's not not like I saw I
saw that PR we did the failing test it's
not always the object test set sail yes
so whenever I first pushed I had all
four of those order for tests or for
them were failing for me Booker's only
two of them were feeling and then I'm
pushing new code and now there's um
something about pub/sub
yeah pops up Alice
water should be empty was recruiting
something so there might be some great
connection there like oh we chair
something to say yeah stuff is always
been feeling random way I think it's
related to that problem we have with go
where sometimes it won't generate
because of timing issues a subscription
which apparently has been fits but we've
been waiting months to get a go release
mmm yeah yeah soda pop some ones we
might like just close our eyes and skip
those ones the other ones I knew so
let's like figure out that out okay if
you were part of the IP peso and Steven
basically is also working for helped to
like solve the last three issues on the
comment library then do the release so
the object access were passing on this
ones after this last honest taciturn and
so I was originally gonna on this bomb
Adams 20 has a really big peeler for
thee on the API MJ stochastic if this I
was gonna start working on the next ring
about it looks like he commented was
burning and pushed some changes that
he's been making the past few days a lot
of kinda through a lot of that you know
so I don't know if there's really much
for me to do I think be maybe I mean we
could review his again and see if
there's any remaining issues I'm happy
those yeah I saw that as well
essentially like it will be very helpful
for me to review it again if I saw that
the 10 suite was out passing like it was
all green with like fooling master into
that branch like realizing like ensure
that the test suite is complete because
like it had so much code like at this
point like probably more than eight
times at different stages different
months different also iterations of even
like jessica structure and internal
modules that no
to move forward confidently right now
with confidence like which is latests I
could we need to protect the thing is
work mhm and wait miss test for this is
when you do as watch piles and loop in
and pin and pin and unpin in Jessica
fest and use same thing go like the the
final pin says is the same like it
should be the same if that passes and so
that means like you need to do tests on
Jessica's and also be interrupts sweet
like if you like people / interrupts you
can you should add some tests there for
pinyin and I think sure that like about
it isn't the same
that's like the work like it's it's
about the work that that it's of
implementing a new feature it's more
polishing the code make sure you're
Thomas I remember like a lot of
functions that were kind of like
confusing and and now she's like
climbing well anything so yeah I would I
would love to do that because there's a
lot of opportunity for me to see like
totally new things I'm here but it may
take a minute more and it might take me
some time so no wait
and like we are all double like just
being as on the issue like I think you
very much almost everyone here
understands the code paths for that that
live girl and can help you hmm okay okay
great I would love to talk of that yeah
and also as I been saying in other cars
like if you need to do like some
programming like I'm also able to
schedule that like we can just hang
together
so from all those issues okay thank you
thank you so much yeah that's gonna be
great
Dmitry last but not the least share with
us your update sure so this was really
much all around everywhere so I think
we've accomplished that hyun-seo
enhancements to able to adjust the key
sides and also to improve improving the
the way that we are setting the
completes which we were doing before
with Shannon just want to Bali and just
creating a world of petit I was the
second one by one
now we're basically just replacing the
config file with our configuration that
fits things considerably and that is
merged and release for having this de
sitio version o29 - it's all 29 that one
and there's a couple of outstanding PRS
that need to be merged basically that
consume this new microfiche dcgo across
into office api and that should be to
get those enhancements propagated yeah
yep that's there's there is one issue
with Jessica face api where the tests
are failing in a very erratic manner I'm
not sure what's going on there I've kind
of looked around and I - I'm pointing to
something but I haven't enabled so the
interests are are passing the ones that
are failing are doing those tests that
are waiting for that for a graceful stop
[Music]
enhancement and Jessica defense and I
def is a secure phone so idea that the
eye defense API that one's a little
weird right now I'm still looking into
what's going on there
underneath that Circuit ruling this week
that's going to be finishing and I'm
getting old I've been kind of getting
inspected but it's stuff that next is
Lisa keel over two weeks just kind of
trying to stabilize that and I'm able to
pensions great a hundred percent them on
the circuit stuff and once remaining
there is interesting which is getting
the sea-ice
green which I think that the idea is
these eto enhancements in adjacent
before some hands fence that's gonna
some of those issues are going to be
resolved
and in the durian which is basically
just writing a guide how to use it why
we needed just a small data that's good
lots of stuff
exciting to like be so close to the
finish line many of those endeavors the
the only thing so I agree with all the
things the other thing I see that might
be like these two like Alan open to
issues on a PTSD steel which seemed
about there is some ease implementation
like there there's something but I don't
really match what the user would expect
from documentation like this is
different behaviors and on in procs
nodes and like demon and and so perhaps
just like like adjusting some variables
like kissing some some convergence of
options values and that Sun but I can be
great if we can get oh yeah I'll get
this included in my in this week's yeah
thank you yeah like again I totally
trust your priorities right now seems
correct I'm just saying like absolutely
student they well if you have time cool
so we have well we just did all the
updates for the people that shared in a
bit on the good path
Zayn and Alex I see you guys here do I'd
like to share something that was what
you are - like all what you're holding
it to do and like new to the products so
it was really interested in like sort of
bringing idns to the Jas world and so
I've been following that train of
thought and thinking through all the
issues and likes for working way back so
no I took a look at the waffle board
and I'm looking to like pick up one of
those issues that are easy and ready to
build contacts or I can enjoy more yeah
that's the best way to start and once
you are familiar with the mountain of
modules okay if you need any help or if
you get what like yeah like reach other
IC or through a github issue or even to
email feel free alright thanks cool Alex
yeah go ahead
yeah I'm almost in the quarter just kind
of figure out what people are working on
I've been fleshing out some of the
examples in the jfif s repo I
implemented getting chunks of files out
of ipfs instead of like the whole whole
file and stream and then yet they would
said I should I should go into course oh
there's a PR open against a eunuch
service engine and I think I'm waiting
for Pedro to review and then when that's
in I can push the changes to so those
examples actually use that better code
which we might like would you mind Y
actually sharing your update on the same
format so yeah I don't know if you are
familiar we had like this script open
right now and like everyone well he says
what they have done what they are
blocked and what is next and I know I
care then so much work on all those
examples and like going into unique
success engine etc that I would love to
have that tracked on the notes as in
like working progress yeah okay Alex
yeah yeah sure thank you so much cool
all right so we have four minutes left
it seems we got the hang of this so we
now are able to like share an update
amongst a people and still have minutes
left
that's great the big theme that I keep
saying and just like let's bring the
waffle board
screen share so the waffle bore takes a
little bit time to load because there is
many many repos web pages falling on
your browser which is probably go for
not sure why it takes so long for you to
oh really yeah it may be because I'm
almost running out of battery so my
MacBook my try to step down the CPU as
much as it can oh it's right refresh
here those are the tabs well beyond the
screen share rate with me
would you mind so that piece
would you mind like screen sharing thing
again but you have to stop your spin
chair yeah I'm actually looking yeah
there you go
yeah there you go you can just enter now
sure okay
so if you do the filter at the top mitri
mike so if you click like the filter
symbol up right and then equip eyeballs
and then you're like right p zero and
critical there you go so there's like a
bunch of things here actually like the
support like a P I so like Volker is
anything it goes under right now but
I'll fall for all the other ones there's
a lot of things to pick up from there
and some of them are hard
others are moderate some of them are not
even about we hop wanted so it means
typically you should be more control
with the project before jumping into
them but also if you go to to p1 there
is even more stuff so image if you can
do again the same thing but for clear do
you want yeah yeah so there you go I'll
give you scroll I guess 44 issues many
difficulty levels that are still equally
important so if you have time like the
idea is you pick an issue just assign it
yourself and you can like move it from
ready to in progress to Donny
that'll be great so it's like that the
framework that we created and that we
keep curating to enable everyone to
contribute to the project also hoping
the feedback hope this like works for
upon any any questions and for those
that are new the new tag is also helpful
because it kind of means that DZ first
and
[Music]
my charger okay thank you for that note
John if they are no other questions we
are on time so I guess does everyone
like could you stop scaring now Demetri
I just like to make the question does
everyone feel confident of what they
have to work on this week - everyone
does everyone ask things to work on 3pz
sorry okay cool thank you thank you for
the update
and yeah see you all on the interwebs I
have a great week bye bye everyone bye
bye